Extend PRR template with node resource exhaustion question (#3783)
kubernetes/enhancements: keps/NNNN-kep-template/README.md

[supported limits]: https://git.k8s.io/community//sig-scalability/configs-and-limits/thresholds.md
-->

###### Can enabling / using this feature result in resource exhaustion of some node resources (PIDs, sockets, inodes, etc.)?

<!--
Focus not just on happy cases, but primarily on more pathological cases
(e.g. probes taking a minute instead of milliseconds, failed pods consuming resources, etc.).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If any of resources can be exhausted, how this is mitigated with the existing limits (e.g. pods per node) or new limits added by this KEP.
```

Author: done

> Are there any tests that were run/should be run to understand performance charasteristics better?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Are there any tests that were run/should be run to understand performance characteristics better and validate the declared limits?
```

Author: done
